LOGIN Command

   Arguments:  user name
               password

   Responses:  no specific responses for this command

   Result:     OK - login completed, now in authenticated state
               NO - login failure: user name or password rejected
               BAD - command unknown or arguments invalid

      The LOGIN command identifies the client to the server and carries
      the plaintext password authenticating this user.


TAG: 
There are two cases in which a line from the client does not represent a complete command:
    CASE 1: a command argument is quoted with an octet count (see the description of literal in Stringunder Data Formats); 
    CASe 2: the command arguments require server feedback (see the AUTHENTICATE command).

In either case, the server sends a command continuation request response if it is ready for the octets (if appropriate) and the remainder of the command.
This response is prefixed with the token "+".

Formal Syntax:
Rules:
(1) Except as noted otherwise, all alphabetic characters
        are case-insensitive.  The use of upper or lower case
        characters to define token strings is for editorial clarity
        only.  Implementations MUST accept these strings in a
        case-insensitive fashion.

        (2) In all cases, SP refers to exactly one space.  It is
        NOT permitted to substitute TAB, insert additional spaces,
        or otherwise treat SP as being equivalent to LWSP.

        (3) The ASCII NUL character, %x00, MUST NOT be used at any
        time.
select = "SELECT" SP mailbox
tag = 1*<any ASTRING-CHAR except "+">



For Retrieve Command:
seq-number definition:
 A relative position from 1 to the number of messages in the mailbox.
   This position MUST be ordered by ascending unique identifier.  As
   each new message is added, it is assigned a message sequence number
   that is 1 higher than the number of messages in the mailbox before
   that new message was added.

   Message sequence numbers can be reassigned during the session.  For
   example, when a message is permanently removed (expunged) from the
   mailbox, the message sequence number for all subsequent messages is
   decremented.  The number of messages in the mailbox is also
   decremented.  Similarly, a new message can be assigned a message
   sequence number that was once held by some other message prior to an
   expunge.

   In addition to accessing messages by relative position in the
   mailbox, message sequence numbers can be used in mathematical
   calculations.  For example, if an untagged "11 EXISTS" is received,
   and previously an untagged "8 EXISTS" was received, three new
   messages have arrived with message sequence numbers of 9, 10, and 11.
   Another example, if message 287 in a 523 message mailbox has UID
   12345, there are exactly 286 messages which have lesser UIDs and 236
   messages which have greater UIDs.

   seq-number      = nz-number / "*"
                    ; message sequence number (COPY, FETCH, STORE
                    ; commands) or unique identifier (UID COPY,
                    ; UID FETCH, UID STORE commands).
                    ; * represents the largest number in use.  In
                    ; the case of message sequence numbers, it is
                    ; the number of messages in a non-empty mailbox.
                    ; In the case of unique identifiers, it is the
                    ; unique identifier of the last message in the
                    ; mailbox or, if the mailbox is empty, the
                    ; mailbox's current UIDNEXT value.
                    ; The server should respond with a tagged BAD
                    ; response to a command that uses a message
                    ; sequence number greater than the number of
                    ; messages in the selected mailbox.  This
                    ; includes "*" if the selected mailbox is empty.